README.md, before:

# Govee DreamView T1 (H6199) Ble client

[![version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/govee-h6199-ble)](https://pypi.org/project/govee-h6199-ble)
[![python version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/govee-h6199-ble)](https://github.com/NecroKote/pygovee-h6199-ble)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/necrokote/pygovee-h6199-ble)](https://github.com/NecroKote/pygovee-h6199-ble/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)

This is a simple python client to control the Govee DreamView T1 (H6199) via BLE.


## Usage

The client uses `bleak` library and relies on it's `BleakClient` instance.
Client supports the following actions (from `govee_h6199_ble.commands` package):
- Get state
  - power
  - fw version
  - hw version
  - mac address
  - brightness
  - color mode
- Turn on/off
- Set brightness
- Set Static color
- Set Music color mode
  - Energic mode
  - Rythm mode
  - Spectrum mode
  - Rolling mode
- Set Video color mode

Example:
```python
from bleak import BleakClient, BleakScanner
from govee_h6199_ble import GoveeH6199, GetFirmwareVersion, PowerOn, PowerOff

if __name__ == '__main__':
    # scan and find first usable device
    devices = await BleakScanner.discover()
    named_devices = (device for device in devices if device.name)
    h6199_devices = (
        device for device in named_devices
        if device.name.startswith("Govee_H6199")
    )

    if device := next(h6199_devices, None):
        # connect
        async with BleakClient(first_device) as client:
            async with connected(client) as h6199:
                power = await device.send_command(GetPowerState())
                if power:
                    print("power on")

                    # get firmware version
                    fw_version = await h6199.get(GetFirmwareVersion())
                    print(fw_version)

                    # turn off
                    await h6199.set(PowerOff())
                else:

                    # turn on
                    await h6199.set(PowerOn())
```

You can also run raw commands using:
```python
async def command_with_reply(
    self,
    cmd: int,
    group: int,
    payload: list[int] | None = None,
    timeout=5.0,
) -> bytes:...
```
and inspect responses manually.
Be aware, if the command is not implemented in the device this call command will raise `asyncio.TimeoutError`, since response will not be received.

## Credits
Govee for the device and the app.

https://github.com/Obi2000/Govee-H6199-Reverse-Engineering for the details of the protocol.

## Contributing

Both bug reports and pull requests are appreciated.

Commit message:

v0.2.0
- stricter types
- `GetColorMode` now returns distinct modes and not just codes
- several bugfixes
- updated Readme
- added docstrings to all Commands

README.md, after:

# Govee DreamView T1 (H6199) Ble client

[![version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/govee-h6199-ble)](https://pypi.org/project/govee-h6199-ble)
[![python version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/govee-h6199-ble)](https://github.com/NecroKote/pygovee-h6199-ble)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/necrokote/pygovee-h6199-ble)](https://github.com/NecroKote/pygovee-h6199-ble/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)

This is a simple python client to control the Govee DreamView T1 (H6199) via BLE.


## Limitations
The client was tested on a device with **1.10.04 / 3.02.01** FW/HW versions.

Getting current mode would not return currently set color of a static mode and wouldn't distinguish specific music modes and their parameters. The former is caused by device responding with all zeroes, and the latter can be fixed in the future.

There is no support for setting colors for specific segments, nor controling the brightness for individual segments.

## Usage

The client uses `bleak` library and relies on it's `BleakClient` instance.
Client supports the following actions (from `govee_h6199_ble.commands` package):
- Get state
  - power
  - fw version
  - hw version
  - mac address
  - brightness
  - current mode
- Turn on/off
- Set brightness
- Set Static color mode
- Set Music color mode
  - Energic mode
  - Rythm mode
  - Spectrum mode
  - Rolling mode
- Set Video color mode
  - Movie mode
  - Game mode

More information can be found by inspecting the `govee_h6199_ble.commands` package.

### Example
```python
from bleak import BleakClient, BleakScanner
from govee_h6199_ble import GoveeH6199, GetFirmwareVersion, PowerOn, PowerOff

if __name__ == '__main__':
    # scan and find first usable device
    devices = await BleakScanner.discover()
    named_devices = (device for device in devices if device.name)
    h6199_devices = (
        device for device in named_devices
        if device.name.startswith("Govee_H6199")
    )

    if device := next(h6199_devices, None):
        # connect
        async with BleakClient(first_device) as client:
            async with connected(client) as h6199:
                power = await device.send_command(GetPowerState())
                if power:
                    print("power on")

                    # get firmware version
                    fw_version = await device.send_command(GetFirmwareVersion())
                    print(fw_version)

                    # turn off
                    await device.send_command(PowerOff())
                else:

                    # turn on
                    await device.send_command(PowerOn())
```

The chain of commands can be sent using `send_commands` but in this mode you will not receive any responses.

You can also run raw commands using:
```python
async def command_with_reply(
    self,
    cmd: int,
    group: int,
    payload: list[int] | None = None,
    timeout=5.0,
) -> bytes:...
```
and inspect responses manually.
Be aware, if the command is not implemented in the device this call command will raise `asyncio.TimeoutError`, since response will not be received.

## Credits
Govee for the device and the app.

https://github.com/Obi2000/Govee-H6199-Reverse-Engineering for the details of the protocol.

## Contributing

Both bug reports and pull requests are appreciated.
